Ngoc Nguyen
ID# 72114439

1.a) cat x y > y.
	When executing this, the content of y will be overide with the content of x since cat x > y is executing first, then cat y > y happens, which 			basically will do nothing because we are overiding y with y.

1.b) cat x >> x
	When executing this, if no error message was raised, the content of x will get append to x.

2. cx 
	Description: cx loops through the list of passed in arguments and perform chmod +x on each of the valid file.

	In addition, for arguments that are not valid (does not exist), chmod will raise error, and cx will continue executing the rest of the valid 			argument.
	
	General Output: cx will not output anything, it will directly change the permission bit to x on each valid file.
	Gereral Input: cx takes in a list of file.
3. nf
	Description: nf returns the number of files in the current directory (using ls and wc).
	
	In addition, this script does not need any argument so extra argument passed in will be ignored.

	General Output: nf will output the total number of files in the directory.
	General Input: nf does not require any input.

4. lss
	Description: lss returns a sorted list of file in the current directory by decreasing order of bytes.
	
	In addition, lss does not take in any argument, so extra argument will raise "No Argument Needed" message.

	General Output: lss will output all files in the current directory by decreasing order of bytes.
	General Input: No argument

5. whoson
	Description: whoson returns a sorted list of ugrad users who are currently logged.

	In addition, this script does not need any argument so extra argument passed in will be ignored.
	
	General Output: whoson will output ugrad users who are currently logged.
	General Input: whoson does not require any input.

6. howmany
	Description: whoson returns the number of ugrad users who are currently logged.
	
	In addition, does not need any arugment so extra argument passed in will be ignored.
	
	General Output: howmany will output number of current ugrad logged.
	General Input: howmany does no require any input

7. valid
	Description: valid return yes if the argument is a valid shell variable name, return no if it is not.
	
	General Description: an argument is valid if it begins with alphabetical characters, either lower case or upper case, or underscore.
	The body of the argument must only contain alphabetical characters, both upper or lower cases, underscore or integer.
	
	In addition, valid only takes in one argument, so extra argument passed in will be ignore. Output will only correspond to the first argument.
	
	General Output: valid will output yes if the argument is a valid shell variable name, else output no.
	General Input: valid takes in one argument.

8. prargs
	prargs prints out a numbered list of the arguments in the order they were passed in.

	In addition, arguments contained by quotes will be treated as one argument and will not be separated by whitespace.
	
	General Output: prargs outputs a numbered list of argument in the order they were passed in.
	General Input: prargs takes in a list of arguments.